CSET Gain-of-Function Survey

First, we will ask you to provide a definition of gain-of-function research for different audiences. Please provide an analogy or example in your response.

1.	[open response] In a sentence or two, how would you define gain-of-function research, for a non-technical audience such as a policy-maker? 

2.	[open response] In a sentence or two, how would you define gain-of-function research to the media in your own words? 

3.	[open response] In a sentence or two, how would you define gain-of-function research to a colleague, in your own words?

4.	[open response] How would you describe the potential merits of gain-of-function research?

5.	[open response] How would you describe the potential risks associated with gain-of-function research?

6.	[open response] Please explain in a few sentences when is gain-of-function research essential to public health?

7.	[open response] Please explain in a few sentences when gain-of-function research is not appropriate?

8.	[open response] Please provide citations for two to three examples of research studies that you would consider gain-of-function research.

9.	[open response] Consider the following definition of gain-of-function research, what would you identify as strengths and gaps in this definition?

“The term “gain-of-function” is generally used to refer to changes resulting in the acquisition of new, or an enhancement of existing, biological phenotypes…This report further defines “gain-of function research of concern” to describe the subset of studies that have been the subject of recent debate and have raised potential biosafety and biosecurity implications. These are gain-of function studies with the potential to generate pathogens with pandemic potential in humans by exhibiting high transmissibility and high virulence.”

10.	[open response] Is there anything else you would like to add in regards to the survey or gain-of-function research?

11.	Which best describes your level of education? 
a.	Certification or high school
b.	Some undergraduate 
c.	Bachelor’s degree 
d.	Master’s degree
e.	PhD 
f.	MD 
g.	PhD-MD 
h.	DVM
i.	DDS
j.	JD
k.	Other or multiple [write-in]

12.	Which best describes your field of education? [select all that apply]
a.	Biology 
b.	Chemistry 
c.	Medicine 
d.	Physics 
e.	Social science or humanities 
f.	Law or policy
g.	Computer science 
h.	Data science 
i.	Other or multiple [write-in]

13.	How would you describe the organization you are currently working in?
a.	Government 
b.	Academia
c.	Industry
d.	Other (please specify):
[seen by respondent based on role]
14.	Please list the number of years in role (and comparable roles at other institutions)
15.	Please list number of years conducting/publishing research in this field
16.	Please list year finished last degree / received degree

17.	What country did you earn your undergraduate degree in? (if multiple, only include the most recent one).

18.	What country did you earn your graduate degree in?

19.	What country did you do your post-graduate degree training in?

20.	Which best describes your current role?
a.	Research scientist
b.	Principal Investigator
c.	Healthcare provider 
d.	Veterinarian 
e.	Policymaker
f.	Policy expert, advisor, or analyst
g.	Lawyer
h.	Lab or science manager 
i.	Graduate student and/or Graduate Research Assistant
j.	Other (please specify): 

